Docs update for Elasticsearch 7 (#904)
elastic/elasticsearch-php: docs/quickstart.asciidoc

In elasticsearch-php, almost everything is configured by associative arrays.  The REST endpoint, document and optional parameters - everything is an associative array.

> To index a document, we need to specify four pieces of information: index, id and a document body. This is done by

Reviewer: As above.

```suggestion
To index a document, we need to specify three pieces of information: index, id and a document body. This is done by
```

----------------------------
$params = [
    'index' => 'my_index',
    'id'    => 'my_id'
];

$response = $client->get($params);
print_r($response);
----------------------------

> The response contains some metadata (index, etc) as well as a `_source` field...this is the original document

Reviewer: To be in line with row 168, I would suggest changing to:

```suggestion
The response contains some metadata (index, version, etc.) as well as a `_source` field, which is the original document
```
